were made to sweat properly
on the weekend the visitors from there in the
new bad graz eggenberg and indeed at
the summer-wm but this time it was not
therefore who is the longest in the
sweat box endures but who of
the best and most beautiful
wake up sweaty can
were next to the best infusions
In addition to a competition, they were also the
strongest towel advertiser searched
Power walking was the goal
highest wind speeds with one
to produce regular towel
Incidentally, the winner wind force was
28.4 and 40 km have
But back to the main contests numerous
visitors were the pointed willing jury
to guide the best sweat driver
and there were very different ones
approach have
40 world champion infusions were the order of the day
enjoy to rate and while in
categories the entertainment or
was voted in the depending on
Satisfaction water in a bucket
was poured
the heavier the tube in the end was the more
better the rating and he was the one
best helmut thaler from italy
was declared winner
it is always something with that is rather the
World champion on bus is coming 2011